Language: en

Namaste Pachan sir, Pujya ma'am. I got your reference through my sister, Jyushita Morya and saw how dedicatively you both run, but she still is at my side and at our new journals. First of all, I want to play a riff for something that I am not here to sell anything to charge. So, I just made this simple, easy to use you tool for your team to save time every single day. Now, I noticed a lot of your time goes into talking to scholars on course, writing details on paper notes and in a few updates and calling staff again again, check work progress and I want to take a lot of energy and raise around nearly 50 to 100 hours of work every movement. Now, tackle this, I have created a question called intake desk and it is something like that and now I want to show you how this works. It has fully made for yourself and here it is something which I want to tell you and tell you. So, it is a data base, it has everything, a scholar name, contact number, email address and services required etc. Now, if I have a good call intake desk, it is a form you can fill whenever a call can. Now, if I share how you can fill that in just simple base. Now, you can just write a name of this column and also the contact of that scholar and I can also write email if they have. Now, you can select services required, here are the some sections which I have found from your website and scrap. Now, if I want to basically, if I am client and I want a utility writing, you can check that. Also, you can write the agreed total fees there like in 2000, 19,000 and I have paid in advance 10,000 rupees. Now, you can also assign the team member, I have written only three for the starting, you can add more. Now, if I select the team member and also I can select a deadline if the client gave me like anti-aggressive and you can submit it. Okay, and also I can email a copy of this. Now, if I go back to here, now you can see in the database it has added a new page which has everything to it like my name, my number. I have not written the email address but you can add that as well. Now, the services required we can add more from here if they ever told you that and you can see here I have written the total agreed fees and also the advance fee and it all automatically generates the balance amount and you can check how this payment is paid unpaid partially paid or fully settled. Now, I write partially paid because I have still a balance in here. Now, I can write the status in here like it is a new intake and here it is everything and these are the steps which the employees will do since I don't know about your internal work. So, I have not created this system or the employees, we can take these, you can take that but I want the employees to take as they work from here. Now, you can see the progress bar like it is zero. Basically, it is there is no work is done. As we move forward, this will the progress bar will become light on your phone and also the laptop. Now, here work you can see in the 2-2 list there has been 3 tasks and her employees and you can see what is what to do and what is in progress and what has completed. Now, if I move to here, I want to tell you that you do not have to worry losing any data or learning any complex systems. Every 15 minutes our background system automatically sings every new notion and p into this shared google sheet. Now, it is 100% safe back them and accessible anytime. You can see in the audit log, it in every 15 minutes it runs as script and find the data. Now, what I have I have I have I did here can come in 15 minutes and also it will be sent and we can change everything here. Now, if I want to tell you you can also in one click, you can also in one click on ocean, what is up opens with the reshaped and lens alert pre-filled for the scholar. You do not have to type long messages manually and I want to show you something. Now, like here if I go to executive masterdesk and go here, I can simply click on the link and it opens a link which is pre-filled and I can simply open my whatsapp and it will send a pre-formatted text. Here it is my name, the client's name, here about the greetings and also it shows the current status like it is a new intake and also it shows the balance amount and you can send everywhere and also it has the the greetings as well. Now, if I move here and I tell you, we also check your general website and found two simple things we can fix for you. As fixing the website layout, so scholars can easily rated on smartphones without scrolling sideways as of now your website is not permitted for the mobile and the user experience we can fix easily and also the other things helping you publish research papers show up directly on this Google's folder. You go, so authors can get statistical credits. It's nothing, we need all these three lines in the code and the Google can analyze these and know about your website and it's now. This simple workspace is just one step. In the future, we can also add five more helpful features for your team like our Word document layout checker just checks paper formatting internet and also the 24-7 WhatsApp inquiry assistant. We can set up that and the third one general reminder what for paper reviewers. The fourth one click payment, APC advising which generates shifts and invices. Also, the fifth one instant functionality and plagiarism checker. It checks plagiarism and originality instantly. Now, I'd just set up the entire simple workspace and fix your website issues for free as a simple special pilot project. If you like this idea, just reply yes on WhatsApp and we can spend 30 minutes on a Zoom call to hand it over to you and discuss about the future more automations at a point in the future. Thank you so much, sir. A told.